TINY-8101: Replace disabled APIs to enabled APIs (#7568)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Moved the `hr` plugin's functionality to TinyMCE core #TINY-8313
- Moved the `print` plugin's functionality to TinyMCE core #TINY-8314
- The `media` plugin no longer treats `iframe`, `video`, `audio` or `object` elements as "special" and will validate the contents against the schema #TINY-8382

> - Renamed the `getShortEndedElements` Schema to `getVoidElements` #TINY-8344

Reviewer: Looks like this change that Spocke mentioned wasn't reverted correctly.
```suggestion
- Renamed the `getShortEndedElements` Schema API to `getVoidElements` #TINY-8344
```

- Moved the `hr` plugin's functionality to TinyMCE core #TINY-8313
- Moved the `print` plugin's functionality to TinyMCE core #TINY-8314
- The `media` plugin no longer treats `iframe`, `video`, `audio` or `object` elements as "special" and will validate the contents against the schema #TINY-8382

> - Renamed the `getShortEndedElements` Schema 

Reviewer 2: What happened here seems like a new line?

- [ ] Investigate changelog newline

- Renamed the `formatselect` toolbar button and `blockformats` menu item to `blocks` #TINY-8328
- Renamed the `styleselect` toolbar button and `formats` menu item to `styles` #TINY-8328
- Renamed the `lineheight_formats` option to `line_height_formats` #TINY-8328

> - Replaced `isDisabled()` with `isEnabled()` in various APIs #TINY-8101
> - Replaced `enable()` and `disable()` with `setEnabled(state)` in various APIs #TINY-8101
> - Replaced `disabled` property with `enabled` in various APIs #TINY-8101
> - Replaced `disable(name)` and `enable(name)` with `setEnabled(name, state)`in Dialog API #TINY-8101

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced the `isDisabled()` function with an `isEnabled()` function for various APIs #TINY-8101
- Replaced the `enable()` and `disable()` functions with a `setEnabled(state)` function in various APIs #TINY-8101
- Replaced the `disabled` property with an `enabled` property in various APIs #TINY-8101
- Replaced the `disable(name)` and `enable(name)` functions with a `setEnabled(name, state)` function in the Dialog APIs #TINY-8101
```
